CAD SOFTWARE PROJECT – PLAN
This is the plan of the project from {name of the firm}, ltd. About the CAD software.
Main goal: making a CAD software intuitive and powerful, with an AI that builds the projects automatically by receiving input from the client.

WARNING: the include header files were added to the include dir to clean up the compilation process,
but the libs are still in msys2's directory.

TO RELEASE: when it's time to release, take the dlls binaries from bin (necessary to run the .exe) and figure out how to install it in the client's system path on windows

Features: 
1.	Create and place 2d: vertices, lines, circles (specify diameter), squares/rectangles, triangles, angles.
2.	Create and place 3d: cubes/cuboids, pyramids/tetrahedrons, spheres, cylinders, cones, torus.
3.	vertices assistant;
4.	lines connector assistant;
5.	faces assistant;
6.	2d objects creator (AI)
7.	3d objects creator (AI)
8.	modify: move object or group of objects in x/y/z or specify location, rotate in x/y/z or specify angle in x, y and z, scale up and down, displace, divide, spread, copy, paste, remake (specify how much to remake, direction and from where to where), TO BE DONE.

Base software features:
-Window with a GUI, Close, minimize, maximize, resize, move
-FILE button: save(selection as new project,changes, whole project, save as->DWG, DXF...), export(as DWG, DXF...), import(from DWG, DXF...), import as(new project, new object) delete, create new project.
-MODIFY button: 
    move vertice or group of vertices (also move it with the connected lines),
    rotate,
    scale up and down, displace, divide, spread,
    copy, paste, remake, TO BE DONE.
-SHAPES (2d and 3d)button:
    Create and place 2d: vertices, lines, circles (specify diameter), squares/rectangles, triangles, angles.
    Create and place 3d: cubes/cuboids, pyramids/tetrahedrons, spheres, cylinders, cones, torus.
-SETTINGS:
    window settings: confirm before close, keep tabs, open previous project on startup, colour themes
    project: starts with default cube,
        vertice shape, colour, identifier,
        background colour,
        grid colour,
        line colour,
        text foreground,
        show grid,
        show rulers,
        show texts,
        show lines,
        show vertices

-BUILDER ENGINE button:
    new build,
    save,
    implement to project,
    delete,

    GUI: the GUI of the software shall be built following the specified rules:
        1. looks and modifications to the window itself as well as the tools themselfs
        should have buttons that leads to the tabs that makes the modifications possible.
        these buttons shall be located in the topmost part of the window. this part of the window
        works as a 'main menu', so we can control the project and the software.

        2. the Modeler is an artificial intelligence
        that automatically builds the project based on the client's text.
        the modeler has its own window. By default, the window is visible and located next
        to the rendered scene.

        3. the wizard menu is the source of all tools
        used to develop the project. all the tools for creation
        and modification of vertices and lines are there. it's a window located
        under the 'main menu' portion and on the renderer.

        4. the renderer should be made so that the client can navigate easily
        trough the project and know when it's moved. it's a window in the middle of the software
        and fills the whole unfilled portion of the window.

        
    (1.) main menu buttons:
        -FILE: 
            create new project (empty or default).
            save(selection as new project,changes, whole project, save as->DWG, DXF...),
            export(as DWG, DXF...), 
            import(from DWG, DXF...), 
            import as(new project, new object),
        -MODIFY:
            undo/redo
            (selected) -> cut, copy, paste, 

            draw:
                (every option in the wizard)

            settings:
                window settings: 
                    confirm before close,
                    colour themes
                startup settings:
                    keep tabs, 
                    open previous project on startup, 
                editor settings:
                    vertice shape, colour, identifier,
                    background colour,
                    grid colour,
                    line colour,
                    text foreground,
                    show grid,
                    show rulers,
                    show texts,
                    show lines,
                    show vertices
        
        -WINDOW:
            colour themes (future update) {"standard", "dark", "soft blue"}
            minimize,
            maximize,
            project settings:
                confirm before close, 
                keep tabs, 
                keep project open,
                auto save

            editor settings:
                future update: vertice shape colour, identifier,
                editor colour theme {"dark", "light", "blueprint", "modern"}
                lines size {"thin", "medium", "thick"},
                show grid,
                show annotations,
                show rulers,

        -HELP:
            (sends directly to the website's manual page)
    
    (2.) project assistent:
            the project assistent window is the side window in the right side of the screen by default.
        At the top of this window, below its "title": "scene assistent", there's the project
        management features. 
        - these features includes: a greater "view" of the objects by making available
        a file explorer-like environment. the client may add new objects by adding a new object to
        the list and setting the current focused object to it so all the vertices and lines are added
        to this list. 
        - there must be a functionality to highlight those vertices/lines. 
        - other "folders" can be added by the client so it gets more organized.

            under it all there's the modeler section.
            //TODO: define how the NN is gonna work

    (3.) wizard menu:
        Create: vertices,
                lines,
                circles (specify diameter), 
                squares/rectangles, 
                triangles, 
                angles.
        Modify:
            Move/Copy: Allows you to move or copy a vertex or line to a new location.

            Stretch: Allows you to stretch or resize a vertex or line along a specified axis.

            Rotate: Allows you to rotate a vertex or line around a specified point.

            Trim: Allows you to trim a line or vertex to a specified length.

            Extend: Allows you to extend a line or vertex to a specified length.

            Fillet: Allows you to create a rounded corner at a vertex, where two lines meet.

            Chamfer: Allows you to create a angled corner at a vertex, where two lines meet.

            Divide: Allows you to divide a line or vertex into a specified number of equal segments.

            Mirror: Allows you to create a mirror image of a vertex or line about a specified axis.

            Offset: Allows you to create a parallel line or vertex at a specified distance from the original.

            Explode: Allows you to break up a complex shape into individual lines and vertices for further editing.

            Join: Allows you to connect two lines or vertices together to form a single shape.

            Lengthen/Shorten: Allows you to increase/decrease the length of a line or vertex.

            Scale: Allows you to adjust the size of a line or vertex by a specified factor.

            Break: Allows you to break a line or vertex into two separate parts.

            Delete: Allows you to delete a vertex or line.

            Edit: Allows you to modify the properties of a vertex or line such as color, thickness, and layer.

            Align: Allows you to align one or more vertices or lines to a specified point or axis.

            Snap: Allows you to snap a vertex or line to a specified point or grid for precise positioning.

            3D editing: Allows you to edit vertex and lines in 3D space with features like move, rotate, and scale in 3D
            

